README.md, before:

# SVG-Logo-Creator

Node.js command line application used to generate logos saved as SVG files.

![alt text](<examples/Screenshot 2024-07-23 181906.png>)

## Description

SVG-Logo-Creator is a Node.js command line application that allows you to generate logos and save them as SVG files. It provides a simple interface to create custom logos based on specified parameters.

## Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Badges](#badges)
- [License](#license)

## Install

To install SVG-Logo-Creator, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <git@github.com:JacqMcQ/SVG-Logo-Creator.git>
2. Navigate to directory "cd SVG-Logo-Creator
3. Install dependencies npm install.

## Usage

1. Run the application: node main.js.
2. Follow the prompts to generate a logo: Specify parameters such as size, colors, shapes, etc. Save the generated SVG file.
3. Check the output directory for your generated SVG file.

## Credits:
Week 10 (Object Oriented Programming) course work used as reference and support for completing the CLI application. AI was also used to support troubleshooting with test format in order to ensure passing logic for all four tests.

Commit message:

updated Readme.md to include the link to the demo video

README.md, after:

# SVG-Logo-Creator

Node.js command line application used to generate logos saved as SVG files.

![alt text](<examples/Screenshot 2024-07-23 181906.png>)

Please  feel free to check out the DEMO by clicking this link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TW8LgoXkQrf1jkMpRAdYlr186bjAbOE7/view

## Description

SVG-Logo-Creator is a Node.js command line application that allows you to generate logos and save them as SVG files. It provides a simple interface to create custom logos based on specified parameters.

## Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Badges](#badges)
- [License](#license)

## Install

To install SVG-Logo-Creator, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <git@github.com:JacqMcQ/SVG-Logo-Creator.git>
2. Navigate to directory "cd SVG-Logo-Creator
3. Install dependencies npm install.

## Usage

1. Run the application: node main.js.
2. Follow the prompts to generate a logo: Specify parameters such as size, colors, shapes, etc. Save the generated SVG file.
3. Check the output directory for your generated SVG file.

## Credits:
Week 10 (Object Oriented Programming) course work used as reference and support for completing the CLI application. AI was also used to support troubleshooting with test format in order to ensure passing logic for all four tests.
